that's not normal because we don't want
to be normal
normality is what weak people call
living
I caught them it should break up any
type of normality that you might fix in
your head
also pushy past what you currently
thought you could do giving you
confidence and you know what I'm selling
myself too short I'm capable more I can
solve something happen there how do I
like that taste most more that tastes
push/pull don't want to Saudi mess and
that for that
there you are I want to tear you up
we're also tearing up the ideology but
you're ever going to be an extra and
your movie of life it's gonna rip back
and you only accept the leading role
star role of your life I'm kind of the
little things in life add up to be the
difference
the real fix attention to detail no it's
a Devils in the detail all your dreams
on you tells to
Oh
called you stranger the rim
cause my feds find out what you wanted
on the calls a purpose for the effort in
maybe if that
not doing it yet
if you mark today